Fix the duplicate rpath definition in the INSTALLED mode (#314)
PennyLaneAI/catalyst: doc/changelog.md

  as removing `opt` and downloading the wheel.
  [(#298)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/catalyst/pull/298)

> * Remove the duplicate `rpath` warning for the paths to Catalyst libraries in the `INSTALLED` mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Remove a linker warning about duplicate `rpath`s when Catalyst wheels are installed on macOS.
```
